## Commnent
* This project only focuses on simulating the routing of a wireless sensor network (flat routing), ignoring other issues in a sensor network such as energy, wireless transmission, interference, security,...

## Getting Started

1. **Prerequisites:**
   * OMNeT++ (version 6.0.3)

2. **Installation:**
   * Clone this repository:
     ```bash
     git clone [https://github.com/](https://github.com/minhbui23/WSN_Simulation-Omnetpp.git)
     ```
   * Navigate to the project directory:
     ```bash
     cd wsn_simulation
     ```
   * Build the project:
      * If you're using OMNeT++'s IDE, follow the usual build process.

3. **Configuration:**
   * Open the OMNeT++ IDE.
   * Explore the `simulations` directory to find different simulation scenarios (`*.ini` files).
   * Adjust the configuration parameters in the `.ini` files to match your desired settings (nodeId, network topo,..).

4. **Running Simulations:**
   * In the OMNeT++ IDE, select the scenario you want to run and press the "Run" button.
   * Analyze the simulation results and statistics.

## Project Structure

* `simulations/`: Contains simulation scenarios (`.ini` files).
* `src/`: Contains the C++ source code for the simulation models.
  * `SensorNode.cc`: This file contains the logic for each individual sensor node.
  * `BaseStaion.cc`: This file contains the logic for Base Station.
  * `...(other source files)`: Additional files for other components (network, environment, images etc.).
* `ned/`: Contains network description files to define the topology and connections between nodes.
* `results/`: Stores the output data and logs generated by the simulations.

